Fix rabbitmq role (#1886)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: docs/home/howto/CLUSTER.md

    ...
  ```

- rabbitmq: At the moment downcale is not supported, there is the known
[issue](https://github.com/epiphany-platform/epiphany/issues/1578).

> If instance count is changed then additional RabbitMQ nodes will be added or removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If instance count is changed, then additional RabbitMQ nodes will be added or removed.
```

> Note that clustering requires changes in the `configuration/rabbitmq` configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that clustering requires a change in the `configuration/rabbitmq` document:
```
